Changes in Version 0.9-0

  o base functions order() and match() are made generic
    functions in zoo now so that zoo() can handle 
    arbitrary index/time classes when suitable methods
    for the generic function c(), length(), order(),
    match() and subsetting [, are supplied.

  o improved printing of "zoo" objects and added
    a summary() method.
    
  o extended coercion functionality to and from
    "zoo" objects. "its" objects can be coerced to
    "zoo" and vice versa. "zoo" objects can be 
    coerced to vector, matrix or data.frame.
    
  o added functionality to extract/assign to
    the value() of a "zoo" object.
    
  o added/improved functionality to extract/assign
    to the window() of a "zoo" object.
    
  o added/improved functionality to extract/assign
    to the index() or time() of a "zoo" object.
    
  o added lag(), diff(), start(), end(), head(),
    tail() methods.

  o improved plot.zoo() by more flexible expansion
    of plotting parameters such as col, lty and pch.

  o added a cbind() method for "zoo" objects (synonymous
    with merge())
  
  o NA handling for "zoo" objects via na.omit(),
    na.contiguous() and na.locf().

  o na.locf() generic function with default method (suitable
    for "zoo" objects) which implements Last Observation
    Carried Forward.
  
  o added mathematical methods: group generic functions
    for "zoo" objects, t(), cumsum(), cumprod(), cummin(),
    and cummax().
  
  o new function dynlm() which implements dynamic linear
    regression models based on "zoo" objects. This is
    still under development.
    
  o new functions runmean(), runmax(), runmed() implementing
    running mean, max and median. The latter masks the stats
    function of the same name. All functions are still under
    development.


Changes in Version 0.2-0

  o zoo() now has defaults for both arguments x and order.by,
    which mimic the default behaviour of ts().

  o added new aggregate.zoo() method for computing summary
    statistics of "zoo" objects along a coarser index grid.

  o improved merge.zoo() in three directions:
    1. handling of "zoo" objects with zero columns,
    2. naming of columns in the merged "zoo" object
       which behaves more like merge.data.frame();
       a corresponding suffixes argument has also been added,
    3. introced a fill argument which allows to fill gaps
       by another value than NA.
       
  o improved documentation with extended examples

